.TH FLUXION 1 "MARCH 2018" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
fluxion \- Fluxion is a security auditing and social-engineering research tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fluxion [-debug] [-l
.I language
.B ]
.I attack
.B ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B fluxion is a security auditing and social-engineering research tool. 
It is a remake of linset by vk496 with (hopefully) less bugs 
and more functionality. The script attempts to retrieve the WPA/WPA2 
key from a target access point by means of a social engineering 
(phising) attack. It's compatible with the latest release of Kali
(rolling). Fluxion's attacks' setup is mostly manual, 
but experimental auto-mode handles some of the attacks' 
setup parameters.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-v "
Print version number.
.IP "--help "
Print help page and exit with 0.
.IP "-m "
Run fluxion in manual mode instead of auto mode.
.IP "-k "
Kill wireless connection if it is connected.
.IP "-d "
Run fluxion in debug mode.
.IP "-x "
Try to run fluxion with xterm terminals instead of tmux.
.IP "-r "
Reload driver.
.IP "-l <language>"
Define a certain language.
.IP "-e <essid>"
Select the target network based on the ESSID.
.IP "-c <channel>"
Indicate the channel(s) to listen to.
.IP "-a <attack>"
Define a certain attack.
.IP "--ratio <ratio>"
Define the windows size. Bigger ratio -> smaller window size.
Default is 4.
.IP "-b <bssid>"
Select the target network based on the access point MAC address.
.IP "-j <jamming interface>"
Define a certain jamming interface.
.IP "-a <access point interface>"
Define a certain access point interface.
.SH FILES
.I /tmp/fluxspace/
.RS
The system wide tmp directory. 
.RE
.I $FLUXION/attacks/
.RS
Folder where handshakes and passwords
are stored in.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP FLUXIONAuto 
Automatically run fluxion in auto mode if exported.
.IP FLUXIONDebug 
Automatically run fluxion in debug mode if exported.
.IP FLUXIONWIKillProcesses 
Automatically kill any interfering process(es).
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Please checkout the other log files or use 
the debug mode.
.SH BUGS
Please report any bugs at: 
https://github.com/FluxionNetwork/fluxion/issues
.SH AUTHOR
Cyberfee, l3op, dlinkproto, vk496, MPX4132
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR aircrack-ng (8),
